So, while we have paired sets of images,
then we have [inaudible] truth input x and n target output y and we can create,
again, to learn a mapping directly from x to y.
In practice, parallel data is termed intensive and difficult to collect,
often require huge amounts of manual labor.
For example, there are only a few small datasets for semantic segmentation.
In some scenarios, especially in stylized images,
paired data is impossible to get.
For example, if we would like to transform a horse to a zebra,
we cannot ask a zebra to do the same pose with the same environment,
or if you want to sell any image in
a general style for Van Gogh rosagnal specific painting,
we cannot ask Van Gog do a painting of any image.
So, researchers have studied ways to learn from unpaired data.
Instead, see we have a set of images of x and unpaired set y.
We want to be able to translate an image from one set to another.
We want to find a mapping G has tries its best to map x to y.
With unpaired data, we no longer have the ability to look at real and fake pairs of data,
as we did with peaks to peaks.
But, we know that we can change
our model to produce an output that belongs to a target domain.
So, for when you push image of a horse,
we can chain a generator to produce realistic looking images of zebras,
so we these criteria.
So, the problem with this, of course,
is we count forced output of generator to corresponding to its input,
and we end up with a problem called mode collapse,
in which a model might map multiple input horse into the same zebra.
In such cases, giving a input horse,
all we know is that the output should look like a zebra,
and we can do this using an adversarial loss on the output.
But, is this enough?
There are many, many mappings.
We'll satisfy such an unparalleled constraint.
So, we need another constraint to make sure G is in d to the correct mapping.
We add an additional mapping,
subtract validity of G. This has an inverse mapping,
chord G inverse has tries to map y to x.
This is called cycle consistency constraint.
If you think of it like this,
if we translate a sentence from English to French,
and then we translate back from French to English,
we should arrive back at the original sentence.
A complete translation cycle should bring back to the original sentence,
and it's the same for transforming images.
If we translate a horse to a zebra,
and then trace it back,
we shall get the same horse and we started with.
A one these two mappings to access checks of one another.
If both mappings are satisfied,
then T-inverse applied to G of x should be indistinguishable from the original image x.
Next, let's discuss how we can implement cycle consensus laws,
and you water the training process looks like for cycle again.